[Music]
[Music] in the 27th year of jeroboam king of
in the 27th year of jeroboam king of
in the 27th year of jeroboam king of Israel Azariah the son of a messiah king
Israel Azariah the son of a messiah king
Israel Azariah the son of a messiah king of judah became king he was 16 years old
of judah became king he was 16 years old
of judah became king he was 16 years old when he became king and he reigned 52
when he became king and he reigned 52
when he became king and he reigned 52 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was
years in Jerusalem his mother's name was
years in Jerusalem his mother's name was Jacqueline of Jerusalem and he did what
Jacqueline of Jerusalem and he did what
Jacqueline of Jerusalem and he did what was right in the sight of the Lord
was right in the sight of the Lord
was right in the sight of the Lord according to all that his father a
according to all that his father a
according to all that his father a messiah had done except that the high
messiah had done except that the high
messiah had done except that the high places were not removed the people still
places were not removed the people still
places were not removed the people still sacrificed and burned incense on the
sacrificed and burned incense on the
sacrificed and burned incense on the high places
high places
high places then the Lord struck the King so that he
then the Lord struck the King so that he
then the Lord struck the King so that he was a leper until the day of his death
was a leper until the day of his death
was a leper until the day of his death so he dwelt in an isolated house and
so he dwelt in an isolated house and
so he dwelt in an isolated house and show them the king's son was over the
show them the king's son was over the
show them the king's son was over the royal house judging the people of the
royal house judging the people of the
royal house judging the people of the land now the rest of the acts of Azariah
land now the rest of the acts of Azariah
land now the rest of the acts of Azariah and all that he did are they not written
and all that he did are they not written
and all that he did are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the
in the book of the chronicles of the
in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah so Azariah rested with
kings of judah so Azariah rested with
kings of judah so Azariah rested with his father's and they buried him with
his father's and they buried him with
his father's and they buried him with his father's in the City of David then
his father's in the City of David then
his father's in the City of David then Jotham his son reigned in his place in
Jotham his son reigned in his place in
Jotham his son reigned in his place in the 38th year of Azariah king of Judah
the 38th year of Azariah king of Judah
the 38th year of Azariah king of Judah Zechariah the son of Jeroboam reigned
Zechariah the son of Jeroboam reigned
Zechariah the son of Jeroboam reigned over Israel in Samaria six months and he
over Israel in Samaria six months and he
over Israel in Samaria six months and he did evil in the sight of the Lord as his
did evil in the sight of the Lord as his
did evil in the sight of the Lord as his father's had done he did not depart from
father's had done he did not depart from
father's had done he did not depart from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat
the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat
the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat who had made Israel sin then Shalem the
who had made Israel sin then Shalem the
who had made Israel sin then Shalem the son of jabish conspired against him and
son of jabish conspired against him and
son of jabish conspired against him and struck and killed him
struck and killed him
struck and killed him in front of the people and he reigned in
in front of the people and he reigned in
in front of the people and he reigned in his place now the rest of the acts of
his place now the rest of the acts of
his place now the rest of the acts of Zechariah indeed they are written in the
Zechariah indeed they are written in the
Zechariah indeed they are written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of
book of The Chronicles of the kings of
book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel this was the word of the Lord
Israel this was the word of the Lord
Israel this was the word of the Lord which he spoke to Gaea
which he spoke to Gaea
which he spoke to Gaea your sons shall sit on the throne of
your sons shall sit on the throne of
your sons shall sit on the throne of Israel to the fourth generation and so
Israel to the fourth generation and so
Israel to the fourth generation and so it was Shallon the son of jabish became
it was Shallon the son of jabish became
it was Shallon the son of jabish became king in the 39th year of as iron king of
king in the 39th year of as iron king of
king in the 39th year of as iron king of Judah and he reigned a full month in
Judah and he reigned a full month in
Judah and he reigned a full month in Samaria for Menahem the son of God I
Samaria for Menahem the son of God I
Samaria for Menahem the son of God I went out from terza came to Samaria and
went out from terza came to Samaria and
went out from terza came to Samaria and struck Shalem the son of jabish in
struck Shalem the son of jabish in
struck Shalem the son of jabish in samaria and killed him and he arraigned
samaria and killed him and he arraigned
samaria and killed him and he arraigned in his place now the rest of the acts of
in his place now the rest of the acts of
in his place now the rest of the acts of Shalem and the conspiracy which he led
Shalem and the conspiracy which he led
Shalem and the conspiracy which he led indeed they are written in the book of
indeed they are written in the book of
indeed they are written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel
The Chronicles of the kings of Israel
The Chronicles of the kings of Israel then from Tirzah
then from Tirzah
then from Tirzah Menahem attacked tiff sir all who were
Menahem attacked tiff sir all who were
Menahem attacked tiff sir all who were there and its territory because they did
there and its territory because they did
there and its territory because they did not surrender therefore he attacked
all the women there who will give trial
all the women there who will give trial he ripped open in the 39th year of
he ripped open in the 39th year of
he ripped open in the 39th year of Azariah king of Judah
Azariah king of Judah
Azariah king of Judah Menahem the Son of God I became king
Menahem the Son of God I became king
Menahem the Son of God I became king over Israel and reigned 10 years in
over Israel and reigned 10 years in
over Israel and reigned 10 years in Samaria and he did evil in the sight of
Samaria and he did evil in the sight of
Samaria and he did evil in the sight of the Lord he did not depart all his days
the Lord he did not depart all his days
the Lord he did not depart all his days from the sins of Jeroboam the son of
from the sins of Jeroboam the son of
from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat who had made Israel's sin pole
Nebat who had made Israel's sin pole
Nebat who had made Israel's sin pole king of Assyria came against the land
king of Assyria came against the land
king of Assyria came against the land and Menahem gave pal a thousand talents
and Menahem gave pal a thousand talents
and Menahem gave pal a thousand talents of silver that his hand might be with
of silver that his hand might be with
of silver that his hand might be with him to strengthen the kingdom under his
him to strengthen the kingdom under his
him to strengthen the kingdom under his control and Menahem exacting the money
control and Menahem exacting the money
control and Menahem exacting the money from Israel from all the very wealthy
from Israel from all the very wealthy
from Israel from all the very wealthy from each man fifty shekels of silver to
from each man fifty shekels of silver to
from each man fifty shekels of silver to give to the king of Assyria so the king
give to the king of Assyria so the king
give to the king of Assyria so the king of Assyria turned back and did not stay
of Assyria turned back and did not stay
of Assyria turned back and did not stay there in the land now the rest of the
there in the land now the rest of the
there in the land now the rest of the acts of Menahem and all that he did are
acts of Menahem and all that he did are
acts of Menahem and all that he did are they not written in the book of the
they not written in the book of the
they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel so
chronicles of the kings of Israel so
chronicles of the kings of Israel so Menahem rested with his father's then
Menahem rested with his father's then
Menahem rested with his father's then Pecha hire his son reigned in his place
Pecha hire his son reigned in his place
Pecha hire his son reigned in his place [Music]
[Music]
[Music] in the 50th year of Azariah king of
in the 50th year of Azariah king of
in the 50th year of Azariah king of Judah Pekka hire the son of Menahem
Judah Pekka hire the son of Menahem
Judah Pekka hire the son of Menahem became king over israel in samaria and
became king over israel in samaria and
became king over israel in samaria and reigned two years
reigned two years
reigned two years and he did evil in the sight of the law
and he did evil in the sight of the law
and he did evil in the sight of the law he did not depart from the sins of
he did not depart from the sins of
he did not depart from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat
jeroboam the son of nebat
jeroboam the son of nebat who had made israel then Piku the son of
who had made israel then Piku the son of
who had made israel then Piku the son of Ramallah an officer of his conspired
Ramallah an officer of his conspired
Ramallah an officer of his conspired against him and killed him in Samaria in
against him and killed him in Samaria in
against him and killed him in Samaria in the Citadel of the king's house along
the Citadel of the king's house along
the Citadel of the king's house along with a gap and Araya and with him were
with a gap and Araya and with him were
with a gap and Araya and with him were fifty men of Gilead he killed him and
fifty men of Gilead he killed him and
fifty men of Gilead he killed him and reigned in his place now the rest of the
reigned in his place now the rest of the
reigned in his place now the rest of the acts of Pecha haya and all that he did
acts of Pecha haya and all that he did
acts of Pecha haya and all that he did indeed they are written in the book of
indeed they are written in the book of
indeed they are written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel in
The Chronicles of the kings of Israel in
The Chronicles of the kings of Israel in the fifty second year of Azariah king of
the fifty second year of Azariah king of
the fifty second year of Azariah king of judah pika
judah pika
judah pika the son of Ramallah became king over
the son of Ramallah became king over
the son of Ramallah became king over israel in samaria and reigned twenty
israel in samaria and reigned twenty
israel in samaria and reigned twenty years and he did evil in the sight of
years and he did evil in the sight of
years and he did evil in the sight of the lord he did not depart from the sins
the lord he did not depart from the sins
the lord he did not depart from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat
of jeroboam the son of nebat
of jeroboam the son of nebat who had made israel sin in the days of
who had made israel sin in the days of
who had made israel sin in the days of pika king of israel tiglath-pileser king
pika king of israel tiglath-pileser king
pika king of israel tiglath-pileser king of Assyria came and took AJ Abel death
of Assyria came and took AJ Abel death
of Assyria came and took AJ Abel death America Genoa Kadesh Heiser
America Genoa Kadesh Heiser
America Genoa Kadesh Heiser Gilead and Galilee all the land of
Gilead and Galilee all the land of
Gilead and Galilee all the land of Naphtali and he carried them captive to
Naphtali and he carried them captive to
Naphtali and he carried them captive to Assyria then Oh Shia the son of Allah
Assyria then Oh Shia the son of Allah
Assyria then Oh Shia the son of Allah led a conspiracy against pika the son of
led a conspiracy against pika the son of
led a conspiracy against pika the son of Ramallah and struck and killed him so he
Ramallah and struck and killed him so he
Ramallah and struck and killed him so he reigned in his place in the 20th year of
reigned in his place in the 20th year of
reigned in his place in the 20th year of Chosun the son of Isaiah
Chosun the son of Isaiah
Chosun the son of Isaiah now the rest of the acts of pica and all
now the rest of the acts of pica and all
now the rest of the acts of pica and all that he did indeed they are written in
that he did indeed they are written in
that he did indeed they are written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings
the book of The Chronicles of the kings
the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel in the second year of pika the
of Israel in the second year of pika the
of Israel in the second year of pika the son of Ramallah a king of Israel Joe
son of Ramallah a king of Israel Joe
son of Ramallah a king of Israel Joe from the son of Isaiah king of Judah
from the son of Isaiah king of Judah
from the son of Isaiah king of Judah began to reign he was 25 years old when
began to reign he was 25 years old when
began to reign he was 25 years old when he became King and he reigned 16 years
he became King and he reigned 16 years
he became King and he reigned 16 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was
in Jerusalem his mother's name was
in Jerusalem his mother's name was Jerusha the daughter of zadok and he did
Jerusha the daughter of zadok and he did
Jerusha the daughter of zadok and he did what was right in the sight of the Lord
what was right in the sight of the Lord
what was right in the sight of the Lord he did according to all that his father
he did according to all that his father
he did according to all that his father as I had done however the high places
as I had done however the high places
as I had done however the high places were not removed the people still
were not removed the people still
were not removed the people still sacrificed and burned incense on the
sacrificed and burned incense on the
sacrificed and burned incense on the high places
high places
high places he built the upper gate of the house of
he built the upper gate of the house of
he built the upper gate of the house of the Lord are the rest of the acts of
the Lord are the rest of the acts of
the Lord are the rest of the acts of Jotham and all that he did are they not
Jotham and all that he did are they not
Jotham and all that he did are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of
written in the book of The Chronicles of
written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Judah in those days the
the kings of Judah in those days the
the kings of Judah in those days the Lord began to send a reason king of
Lord began to send a reason king of
Lord began to send a reason king of Syria and pika the son of RAM Alya
Syria and pika the son of RAM Alya
Syria and pika the son of RAM Alya against Judah so Jotham rested with his
against Judah so Jotham rested with his
against Judah so Jotham rested with his father's and was buried with his fathers
father's and was buried with his fathers
father's and was buried with his fathers in the City of David his father then a
in the City of David his father then a
in the City of David his father then a has his son reigned in his place
has his son reigned in his place
has his son reigned in his place you